calmanager is a framework for managing calendar entries on a CalDAV
server. It is released under the GNU GPLv3 or any later version.

= Concepts

I assume you already have a CalDAV server with multiple calendars on
it. I like calypso. (I suppose you could use this with a CalDAV server
that you didn't run yourself, but why would you want to trust someone
else with your calendar?)

calmanager is a framework which loads helper scripts. Each helper
script defines a category within the calendar which it "owns". When
the framework is run, each category will be brought up to date with
the calendar according to the corresponding helper: outdated entries
will be deleted and new ones will be added.

= Setup

You will need a configuration file config.yaml containing:

---
URL: ...the URL to the calendar server you're using
username: your username
password: your password
tz: your default time zone, e.g. Europe/London

and perhaps lat: and lon: entries should you be using the Eclipse
helper.

You'll also need a bunch of perl modules. They're all packaged in
Debian/stable, which should help matters.

The astronomical modules need swetest (in the Debian package
libswe-dev).

= Use

./calmanager

This will kick off the synchronisation process. Every manager with a
name ending in ".pl" will be run.

bankholidays.pl: loads the England and Wales bank holiday file from
gov.uk. A decent example for other external ICS files. Note that any
UID or category information will be stripped (the calmanager framework
uses this to determine which entries should be removed).

birthday.pl: extracts BDAY entries from vCard files in ~/.vcf/ .
Matches "--MMDD", "YYMMDD", "YYYYMMDD" and "YYYY-MM-DD" forms.

eclipse.pl: predicts lunar and solar eclipses (including whether
they're above the horizon at your set location). Lunar eclipses that
are only penumbral are not considered.

moonphase.pl: predicts moon phases.

seasons.pl: predicts solstices, equinoctes, and cross-quarter days.
(I'm using the modern pagan names for the latter; I'm not aware of any
other names that are more credible.)
